Hey Guys welcome to the course in computer vision.
We're releasing this course early on on behalf of London myself and the team behind this.
I wanted to say thank you so much for supporting our efforts.
Now this course is going to grow a lot.
Right now there's only the first part of the course which is related to open Sivi and yet that is really
a huge part.
You will learn all about the biology and functions are all all about the intuition behind it and then
you'll get the practical application in face detection then we're going to add another section on how
to use deep learning in computer vision.
And that's coming in the next week or so.
And then after that we're going to use that on the section on Gannon's and that's coming in next couple
of weeks as well as all those courses going to grow.
But already you have a lot of things to practice and that's exactly why we're releasing it early so
that you can work through the course and you can start getting your hands onto the tools as they are
released inside the scores.
So scroll down check out the lectures have fun and we'll be updating you as we add more materials.
And I can't wait to see inside the class.
And until then enjoy computer vision.